Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[scratching]
[flames roaring]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
[shaky breathing]
[slowly breathing]
♪
[distant rythmic pounding]
[rustling]
♪
[shaky breathing]
[glass clinking]
♪
[whimpering]
[heavy breathing]
♪
[faint heartbeat]
[sighing]
[groaning]
♪
[heartbeat pounding]
[panting]
♪
[soft buzzing]
[gurgling]
[rattling]
♪
[water running]
[rustling]
♪
[door creaking]
[door closing]
♪
[door creaking]
[door closing]
♪
[keys clicking]
[sighing]
♪
Come on. Jason!
You asshole.
♪
[sighing]
[phone ringing]
♪
Alan?
[distant remarks]
Yeah.
No. uh. good. good.
♪
Really?
New material?
Right. no. yeah.
Yeah. no. of course. no.
That'’s great. um...
Yeah. no. I'’m.
I'’m actually. like...
halfway through a brand new one.
♪
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. well. I guess
I'’ll be hearing from you
much sooner than later.
[indistinct remarks]
♪
Right. yeah.
Yeah. first draft. yup.
Okay. um. all right.
Well. I'’ll talk to you soon.
♪
Okay.
[sighing]
♪
[groaning]
Stupid. stupid. stupid.
♪
Well. Jason.
you can do this.
'’cause now you have to.
♪
[tapping]
[sighing]
♪
[keys clicking]
Better.
♪
Much better.
[knocking]
♪
[door creaking]
[keys clicking]
♪
[groaning]
[yawning]
♪
[sighing]
[keys clicking]
♪
[mumbling]
[gasping]
♪
Oh. fuck me.
[exhaling]
♪
[coffee pouring]
[soft creaking noise]
What the hell?
♪
Ew.
Oh. fuck.
God damn.
♪
[spray bottle hissing]
[coughing]
♪
[door creaking]
[knocking]
♪
[soft meowing]
[meowing]
♪
[clicking tongue]
Hey. kitty.
You in there?
[meowing]
Okay.
♪
All right.
Where'’d you go?
♪
[door creaking]
All right. kitty.
You hungry?
♪
That'’s the good stuff.
Come on. you like that?
[clicking tongue]
Come on.
[kissing noises]
Yeah. God. that reeks.
Come on.
♪
[sighing]
[soft creaking noise]
♪
[keys clicking]
[thudding]
♪
You.
well. obviously
you'’re up there now.
♪
[sighing]
[knocking]
Hey.
♪
Hey. I'’m in
the apartment below you
and you have something leaking.
Some water or some shit
is coming down my wall.
♪
Hey. I heard you
banging around in there.
♪
[knocking]
Fuckers.
♪
[keys clicking]
[yawning]
♪
[buzzing]
[sighing]
♪
[soft creaking noise]
[shaky breathing]
♪
[exhaling]
[clearing throat]
♪
[keys clicking]
[knocking]
♪
[door creaking]
Hm.
♪
[soft creaking noise]
[sniffing]
♪
Oh. fuck.
Oh!
Motherfuckers!
♪
[banging]
Hey. open up.
Something'’s leaking
in your apartment
and it'’s destroying
my fucking wall.
♪
[banging]
[scoffing]
For fuck'’s sake.
♪
[banging]
Jesus Christ.
♪
[meowing]
Oh. hey there. little guy.
You found your way out. huh?
♪
Did you get some of that food
I left you?
Stay there.
No. no. no. stay there.
Stay there. little buddy.
Stay there.
No.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
♪
Really?
Shit.
Well. that'’s par for
the fucking course today.
♪
[keys clicking]
[exhaling]
♪
[knocking]
[chuckling]
No.
Not this time.
♪
[knocking]
Uh-uh. nope.
Not gonna do it.
♪
[knocking]
[banging]
Oh my God.
Oh!
You little shits.
I'’m going to...
You motherf--
Uh...
♪
Um. hi.
Hi.
I'’m sorry. I. uh.
I just thought that you were--
it doesn'’t matter.
Um. can I. can I help you?
Yeah. um. I just live
down the hall.
I'’m Lisa.
Um. Jason.
Nice to meet you. Jason.
♪
Um. I was just wondering.
I don'’t usually do this.
but I ran out
of a coffee grounds
and I was hoping to
maybe steal some of yours.
I didn'’t have a chance to
go out earlier and get them.
and it'’d be really great
if I could have them
for the morning.
Uh. yeah.
Um. come on in.
I'’m sure I've got some
you can steal.
Okay. thank you.
So how long have you
been in the building?
Oh. quite a while now. I guess.
Weird we haven'’t run
into each other yet.
Yeah. I'’ve seen you around.
Really?
Yeah. but in your defense.
you sort of seem to be
in your own world sometimes.
Yeah. I'’m kind of--
kind of live
in my head sometimes.
Um. what about--
maybe I'’ve seen. uh.
your husband?
Uh. no. it'’s just me.
Um. you know.
if you don'’t have any.
it'’s okay. I can just--
No. no. I know I have some
around here somewhere.
I just--I don'’t know.
♪
Yeah. yeah. I'’ve...
...got lots.
♪
I don'’t need that much.
No. no. go on.
Trust me. I actually--
I have. I have tons.
Are you sure?
Yeah. it'’s all yours.
Okay. thank you.
♪
Um. what'’s that all about?
Uh. what?
The cards and the tacks
and all that.
Oh. um. that'’s just.
that'’s just something
I'’m working on.
Huh.
What do you do?
Um. I'’m a writer.
A screenwriter. actually.
Oh. like movies.
Yeah. like. like movies.
That'’s interesting.
What are you writing about?
Um. well. I just. I just--
it'’s something I've been
just thinking about
for a little while.
I'’m actually almost done
with the first draft.
So is the plot
like a secret or...
No. no. it'’s not.
I'’m just--I'm pretty terrible.
Uh...
I just--suck at explaining
the shit that I write about.
It'’s--wouldn't do it
any justice.
You just kind of
have to read it and then.
and then it makes sense.
Or at least I hope
it makes sense.
Well. uh.
maybe when you'’re done
writing it. I could.
I could read it.
Yeah. um. maybe.
Yeah. maybe you can.
♪
Okay. well. I should get going.
Thank you for this.
You'’re a lifesaver.
Any time.
Um. just...
don'’t be afraid to ask
if you need anything.
Don'’t be shy.
I won'’t.
♪
Oh. hey.
Um. I know this
might sound strange
but have you seen a cat
wandering around out here?
A cat?
-Yours?
-No. I just--
I think there'’s one stuck
in the ventilation.
Can'’t say I have.
Thanks again for this.
♪
[dripping]
[keys clicking]
[phone ringing]
♪
Alan.
How'’s going?
[distant remarks]
Uh. yeah.
I'’m good.
Well. that'’s great.
Well. actually. I'’m pretty damn
close to finishing it.
You have that
ending figured out?
Yeah. the ending?
Yeah. I have my ending.
I'’m just working
a few things out.
But it'’s all coming together.
Well. I think
I'’ll finish it today.
-Well. that'’s great.
-We'’ll see.
[indistinct remarks]
Right.
Um. Alan...
Is everything okay?
With you?
♪
Right.
Well. no. no. no. I'’m.
I'’m good.
Yeah.
Just. um.
just making sure.
Okay.
Well. I should get back at it.
I gotta finish this thing.
Right.
♪
[buzzing noise]
[soft creaking noise]
♪
[fingers tapping]
[keys clicking]
♪
[sighing]
Oh. come to papa.
my carcinogenic little friend.
♪
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
[sighing]
♪
[exhaling]
Oh. shit.
Guess I should save that.
Ohh.
♪
[soft creaking noise]
[buzzing]
♪
[exhaling]
[wincing]
♪
[sighing]
[explosive noises]
♪
[sighing]
[gasping]
♪
[glass breaking]
[panting]
♪
[sighing]
[soft creaking noise]
♪
[keys tapping]
[exhaling]
♪
[printer whirring]
No. Jason.
What the fuck are you doing?
She barely even knows you.
This is. um...
No. no. you can do this.
You can do this.
don'’t be a pussy.
Come on. come on.
[exhaling quickly]
♪
What are you thinking?
Yes. yeah.
♪
[knocking]
[soft creaking noise]
♪
Hey.
You are home.
I am.
I was. uh. I was knocking.
Hence why I answered.
♪
Right. right.
That. um. that would make sense.
♪
Look. I was wondering if.
or more hoping if
you wanna come over there.
come to my place. uh.
for dinner tonight?
♪
You'’re really smooth.
Uh. yeah. yeah.
I really do suck at this stuff.
Kinda do.
Uh. smooth or not.
do you wanna come over
for dinner?
♪
I'’d maybe be up
for something like that.
♪
What time?
Uh. in a couple hours?
All right then.
♪
Can I bring anything?
Um. just you.
You would totally be like
fist-pumping in the air
right now
if I wasn'’t still standing here.
wouldn'’t you?
I'’m. um. just.
I'’m just gonna go.
Okay. smooth operator.
[door creaking]
♪
[clanging]
[knocking]
Shit.
♪
Hey.
Hi.
You look great.
Thank you.
You too.
Uh. here.
I'’m not sure what you're making
but I'’ve been told
that goes with everything.
I'’m sure it does.
Uh. uh. I'’m sorry. come on in.
Thanks.
[door squeaking]
Ah yeah. come on in.
Make yourself comfortable.
I still have a few things
to finish up in the kitchen.
What?
Uh. no it'’s just exactly
the same...
Is there something
wrong with the wine?
No. no. no.
This is--this is perfect.
Exactly what
I would have chosen.
Now go ahead
and make yourself comfortable.
Grab a seat and I will
get us some glasses.
♪
[sighing]
So did you finish it?
Pardon?
Your script.
Did you finish writing it?
I did.
Actually.
finished it late last night.
♪
Hmm.
You must be happy about that.
Yeah. I am.
It'’s a bit of a miracle every
time I finish one.
Hm.
So Mr. Screenwriter.
have I possibly seen anything
that you'’ve written?
Uh. well. that depends.
Depends on what?
Are you a fan a low budget.
B horror movies
without any discernable stars?
Um. no. not really.
Yeah. then I highly doubt it.
Thank you.
-Cheers.
[clinking]
Is that it?
Um. yeah. that'’s it.
Can I see it?
Yeah. yeah. sure.
♪
Ending needs some work but um.
I'’m never really totally
satisfied with my writing.
I guess that'’s a good thing
though
or wouldn'’t really be
a point would there.
A little OCD I guess.
But if I just keep picking apart
I'’ll never finish.
Um.
I'’m just gonna
check on the food.
Are--Do you want any help?
No. no. no.
You just sit there and relax.
I got everything covered
over here.
So um. what about you?
What about me?
What do you do for a living?
Uh. I'’m kind of
between things right now.
Just weighing my options
I guess.
Well. options are always good.
Yeah sometimes.
Sometimes not.
I'’ll see.
Yeah. I'’m sure
you'’ll figure it out.
Hey. uh. you can go on and
put some music on if you want.
I have some vinyl
over there on the shelf.
I'’m pretty old school
when it comes to music.
And I apologize. I really
thought I was going to be
further ahead
with this before you got here.
No. it'’s okay.
Not like either of us
are going anywhere.
Right.
Are you sure I can'’t help?
No. no. go on.
Just bear with me.
Okay.
♪
So is there anything
in particular music wise
you like?
No. no I'’m good
with everything on there.
Um. your choice.
Okay.
I'’m interested
to see what you choose.
♪
[sizzling]
Ah!
♪ All this time
Are you okay?
♪ You have been on my mind
♪ And all the reasons...
♪
I'’m sorry. I...
I didn'’t mean to.
No. no it'’s not your fault.
That was just. uh.
I don'’t know what that was.
♪
I guess you'’re not ready
for this.
I'’m going to go.
No. no. no.
Uh. I'’m sorry. I'm--.
Don'’t go.
Please don'’t go.
I don'’t know what that was.
That was--there was um...
Really. I'’m gonna--
No. no. look. look. don'’t go.
This was. look I'’m...
I'’m not some fucking
crazy nutcase okay.
That was just--let'’s just
wipe that clean. all right?
That didn'’t--that didn't happen.
Uh. yeah. please just--
Look. don'’t go.
Okay. um yeah.
Yeah. I'’ll stay.
Okay. good. good. yeah.
♪
I promise. rest of the night
won'’t be like that.
Okay.
All right.
Hope you'’re hungry.
♪
Look. I just want to apologize
again for earlier.
To be honest.
I haven'’t been on a date in...
[chuckling]
...A while.
Yeah. um. I honestly haven'’t
been on a date
in a while either.
So can we just
completely start over then?
Pretend that I'’m not
some crazy idiot
that you just met?
Well. you'’re not an idiot.
But maybe a little crazy.
I'’ll take that.
But...
What?
Never mind actually.
No. no. go on. go on.
I was--I was just gonna say that
you know. if you
have something going on
and you need someone to talk to
it'’s okay.
you can talk to me about it.
♪
No. honestly. honestly.
it'’s the script.
I just get
a little too invested.
I get a little bit neurotic
and it just kind of snowballs.
I'’m all right. trust me.
But we should start eating this
or else it'’s going to get cold.
White or dark.
Uh. either or.
♪
[chuckling]
Uh. I would'’ve never guessed
that in a million years.
Yeah. I know.
True story.
I cannot picture you
in that uniform.
-Just can'’t.
-Yeah.
-For like almost two years too.
-Wow.
But I do prefer petroleum
transfer technician.
-to be clear.
-Oh right. oh I'’m sorry.
I'’m sorry that I offended you.
I'’m not offended.
I just want to make sure
-you got it right.
-Right. yeah. yeah.
Yeah and let'’s not even
get started
on the strip club
cleaning stint.
That was--that was something.
-When the lights came on.
-Ah. gross.
Yeah. there'’s a reason
those places are dark.
So what was your title there?
Uh. I had a few
of them actually.
Tell me them all.
No. No. that'’s a bad idea.
We don'’t want to get
into details with that one.
Oh yeah. the things I'’ve done
to pursue this. uh...
screenwriting
it'’d blow your mind.
Yeah.
A little more?
I'’m okay.
Are you sure?
There'’s just a tinch left.
I'’m good.
[pouring]
Okay. um.
Your turn.
My turn.
What do you mean?
Well. I feel like I'’ve just
been rambling on about myself
and I haven'’t heard
anything from you today.
Tell me something
about yourself.
I think you probably
know more than you think.
What'’s that supposed to mean?
Why am I here. Jason?
Um.
Well. um.
I don'’t know.
I thought you were nice
when I met you and...
I just thought
I'’d invite you over.
It felt like we had a bit
of a. I don'’t know.
[nervous chuckling]
I guess...
I guess it'’s like. I just felt
really comfortable with you.
Like. when you meet somebody
for the first time
and it feels like...
It feels like you'’ve known them
a lot longer.
I guess.
Something like that.
♪
Lisa?
[knocking]
♪
Lisa?
[knocking]
♪
What are you doing out here?
Oh hey. where were you?
I was calling you in there
and I figured you must'’ve.
Guess I didn'’t hear.
♪
[door squeaking]
Is everything okay?
Come.
Sit.
All right.
♪
What'’s wrong?
What is it?
I think we need
to talk about this.
♪
Talk.
Uh-oh.
Talk about what?
The truth.
The truth?
I--I don'’t know
what you'’re talking about.
You know what I'’m talking about.
We need to deal with this.
You need to deal with this.
♪
It'’s time to talk about her.
Her?
What? Deal with...
I'’m sorry. Lisa.
I don'’t understand.
This isn'’t what you think it is.
This isn'’t what I think it is?
What? Between you and me?
No. no. this is a good thing.
Last night was amazing.
This is--this is good.
Your wife. Jason.
♪
What really happened
to your wife?
My wife?
I'’m not married.
My wife? You think--that'’s
what this is all about?
You think that I'’m married?
No. no. no. no this is--
don'’t take this away.
This is--this is fine.
Okay? Everything'’s fine.
Look. if we'’re moving too quick.
if this is too fast
we can slow it down.
It'’s not that.
See for yourself.
♪
What'’s this?
It'’s your script.
No it'’s not.
This isn'’t my script.
♪
What is this?
This isn'’t my script.
This is--this is blank.
There'’s nothing here.
This is nothing.
♪
What the fuck
is wrong with this?
♪
Did you?
Did you do something?
♪
There you go.
You'’re starting to see it.
♪
Be brave for me.
It'’s time to open your eyes.
♪
[door squeaking]
[footsteps]
♪
Go on.
[heavy breathing]
You need to remember. Jason.
You can'’t live
in this lie anymore.
Please don'’t.
Go on.
[heavy breathing]
♪
Go on.
Ugh!
[flies buzzing]
♪
Go on.
[flies buzzing]
♪
Now you can see.
No.
♪
[screaming]
It'’s time to open your eyes.
♪
You'’re starting to see it.
Ugh.
You'’re all alone. sweetheart.
♪
There'’s no one left.
What are you talking about?
I'’m not alone.
No.
I'’m...
I. uh...
Allen.
You'’re lying.
I know you'’re lying.
I'’ve been talking to Allen.
Look. see?
Talking to him about the script.
He'’s been checking in.
We'’ve been going back and forth.
What the fuck
is wrong with this?
Babe.
Please stop it.
No. you stop.
you'’re fucking with me.
Why are you fucking with me?
Why are you doing this?
Stop it.
That was all in your head.
This is real.
That'’s real.
He'’s not real.
I'’m not real.
No.
That'’s fucking impossible.
None of this is real.
He'’s real. I was talking to him
on this fucking phone!
You have to believe me.
You have to stop
erasing everything.
Stop erasing me.
I'’m not erasing anything.
You just fucking...
None of this is real.
I know what'’s real.
♪
Allen?
No.
♪
Ugh.
No.
♪
This isn'’t real.
It'’s very real. my love.
It has been
for quite some time now.
I don'’t want
to be alone anymore.
♪
You...
You'’re in my head.
You'’re not real.
You'’re a dream.
-You'’re a hallucination.
-You can'’t have it both ways.
Either I am.
Or this is.
♪
But you know what the answer is.
I know you do.
[heart beating faintly]
Why?
Why did you leave me?
I'’ll never leave you.
I just want us
to be together again.
That is for you
to decide yourself.
♪
Oh. I miss you.
So fucking much.
It'’s okay.
I have you.
Look at me.
♪
What happened?
-It'’s okay.
-What is this?
It'’s okay.
♪
There you go.
Just remember.
♪
[heavy breathing]
No. no.
No.
It'’s okay.
I would'’ve caught it by now.
It'’s all right. it's okay.
[deep breathing]
♪
Lay with me.
[coughing]
[heavy breathing]
♪
Promise you won'’t give up.
[shallow breathing]
♪
[sobbing]
No.
♪
Come back to me.
No. no.
♪
You need to listen to me.
my love.
No. you'’re not real.
This isn'’t real.
♪
[birds chirping]
It'’s beautiful. you know.
You can see them all.
Everyone you'’ve ever loved.
Your mom.
Your dad.
Your friends.
Me.
I know it'’s hard
but you just have to let go.
It'’s all gone.
♪
I don'’t understand
why you won'’t just let go.
Don'’t you want to be with me?
More than anything.
♪
But you'’re not here.
You'’re gone.
Is this what you want?
Look around you.
The pain.
The suffering.
The uncertainty.
Stop the pain.
♪
Stop suffering.
I can'’t.
♪
You told me not to give up.
I...
I just need to know one thing.
What is it that you want?
What do you want?
Hope.
I just want...
some hope.
♪
[crunching]
Come on. let'’s go.
Wait.
♪
[birds chirping]
Are you real?
♪
♪ Daylight is fading
♪ Your journey is ending
♪ Tell me you'’ll never ♪
♪ Come again
♪
♪ My heart is heavy
♪ From holding
♪ So tightly
♪ Only a memory
♪ Remains
♪
♪ Daylight is fading
♪ The leaves have fallen
♪ Feeling so cold now
♪ Inside my mind
♪
♪ Moves with my heartbeat
♪ So slowly
♪ Retracting till
only a memory ♪
♪ Remains
♪ You must go
♪ Now
♪ Take hold
of all you know now ♪
♪ Cold winds blowing
♪ In perfect time
♪ To bring you back to me
♪ Until then
♪ Let me sleep
until the warmth ♪
♪ Of the sun is on our side
♪
♪ Shadows are moving
♪ The daylight
♪ Is fading
♪ It takes with it what I
♪ Want to hold
♪
♪ Will I remember
♪ The moments unspoken
♪ Hidden beneath
♪ Of our scars
♪ You must go now
♪ Take hold
of all you know now ♪
♪ Cold winds
blow in perfect time ♪
♪ To bring you back to me
♪ Until then
♪ Let me sleep
until the warmth ♪
♪ Of the sun is on our side
♪